then David consulted with the captains
then David consulted with the captains of thousands and hundreds and with every
of thousands and hundreds and with every
of thousands and hundreds and with every leader and David said to all the
leader and David said to all the
leader and David said to all the Assembly of Israel if it seems good to
Assembly of Israel if it seems good to
Assembly of Israel if it seems good to you and if it is of the Lord our God let
you and if it is of the Lord our God let
you and if it is of the Lord our God let us send out to our brethren everywhere
us send out to our brethren everywhere
us send out to our brethren everywhere who are left in all the land of Israel
who are left in all the land of Israel
who are left in all the land of Israel and with them to the priests and Levites
and with them to the priests and Levites
and with them to the priests and Levites who are in their cities and their common
who are in their cities and their common
who are in their cities and their common lands that they may gather together to
lands that they may gather together to
lands that they may gather together to us and let us bring the Ark of our God
us and let us bring the Ark of our God
us and let us bring the Ark of our God back to us for we have not inquired at
back to us for we have not inquired at
back to us for we have not inquired at it since the days of Saul then all the
it since the days of Saul then all the
it since the days of Saul then all the Assembly said that they would do so for
Assembly said that they would do so for
Assembly said that they would do so for the thing was right in the eyes of all
the thing was right in the eyes of all
the thing was right in the eyes of all the people so david gathered all israel
the people so david gathered all israel
the people so david gathered all israel together from shaho in egypt - as far as
together from shaho in egypt - as far as
together from shaho in egypt - as far as the entrance of hema 'the to bring the
the entrance of hema 'the to bring the
the entrance of hema 'the to bring the Ark of God from Kia jeff giri and david
Ark of God from Kia jeff giri and david
Ark of God from Kia jeff giri and david on all israel went up to baylor to
on all israel went up to baylor to
on all israel went up to baylor to kiriath-jearim which belonged to judah
kiriath-jearim which belonged to judah
kiriath-jearim which belonged to judah to bring up from there the Ark of God
to bring up from there the Ark of God
to bring up from there the Ark of God the law who dwells between the cherubim
the law who dwells between the cherubim
the law who dwells between the cherubim where his name is proclaimed so they
where his name is proclaimed so they
where his name is proclaimed so they carried the Ark of God on a new card
carried the Ark of God on a new card
carried the Ark of God on a new card from the house of abinadab and other and
from the house of abinadab and other and
from the house of abinadab and other and a higher drove the cart then David and
a higher drove the cart then David and
a higher drove the cart then David and all Israel played music before God with
all Israel played music before God with
all Israel played music before God with all their might with singing on house on
all their might with singing on house on
all their might with singing on house on stringed instruments on tambourines on
stringed instruments on tambourines on
stringed instruments on tambourines on cymbals and with trumpets and when they
cymbals and with trumpets and when they
cymbals and with trumpets and when they came to Kayden's threshing floor other
came to Kayden's threshing floor other
came to Kayden's threshing floor other without his having to pull the earth for
without his having to pull the earth for
without his having to pull the earth for the oxen stumbled
the oxen stumbled
the oxen stumbled then the anger of the Lord was aroused
then the anger of the Lord was aroused
then the anger of the Lord was aroused against Gaza and he struggled focus he
against Gaza and he struggled focus he
against Gaza and he struggled focus he put his hand to the ark and he died
put his hand to the ark and he died
put his hand to the ark and he died there before God and David became angry
there before God and David became angry
there before God and David became angry because of the Lord's outbreak against
because of the Lord's outbreak against
because of the Lord's outbreak against other therefore that place is called
other therefore that place is called
other therefore that place is called Pires Aza to this day david was afraid
Pires Aza to this day david was afraid
Pires Aza to this day david was afraid of God that day how can I bring the Ark
of God that day how can I bring the Ark
of God that day how can I bring the Ark of God to me so David would not move the
of God to me so David would not move the
of God to me so David would not move the ark with him into the City of David but
ark with him into the City of David but
ark with him into the City of David but took it aside into the house of
took it aside into the house of
took it aside into the house of obed-edom the gittite the Ark of God
obed-edom the gittite the Ark of God
obed-edom the gittite the Ark of God remained with the family of obed-edom in
remained with the family of obed-edom in
remained with the family of obed-edom in his house three months and the Lord
his house three months and the Lord
his house three months and the Lord blessed the house of obed-edom and all
blessed the house of obed-edom and all
blessed the house of obed-edom and all that he had
that he had
that he had [Music]